[Scrollable] refactor: rewrite Scrollable utilizing platform features (#7443)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/many-otters-repeat.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': patch
---

> Improve performance of the Scrollable component with React 18

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converted `Scrollable` to functional component and improve its performance with React 18
```

> Improve performance of the Scrollable component with React 18

Reviewer: We try to keep entries in past tense

```suggestion
Improved performance of the Scrollable component with React 18
```

Author: wowzers, I missed this comment before I merged. Sorry about that!
